[Music]
you know some people they feel really
bad and sad
everything happened to me sometimes it
feels like you want to cry but you can't
kind of shock sometimes I didn't think
all of these people would care people
around the world millions everyone is
talking about making a murderer and the
trials of Steven Avery it's not over
once somebody is convicted they have to
move mountains to get out of prison our
task now is to up an entire system the
favors the prosecutors do we want the
right person convicted yeah but that's
secondary Teresa's gone there's nothing
else you can do about that I'm an
attorney Kathleen Zellner
best known for overturning wrongful
convictions has taken the Avery case I
have one goal and that's to overturn the
conviction of Steven Avery
why would someone falsely confess to a
crime that they didn't commit
they wanted this information in the
worst way so Brendan thinks if I tell
them what they want to hear I'm gonna go
home the prosecution's case was trees
had never left the property but the last
call pings off a cellphone tower miles
away from the Avery property seventy to
eighty percent of people were murdered
and murdered by someone they know each
of those individuals have to be looked
at as suspects if there's a lot based on
that bullet this is critical there's an
abundance of evidence this could flip
the whole case if the conviction is
overturned and they try to do a retrial
do they have much of a case I don't
think man talk is ever gonna heal from
this bad I know they want to be a happy
family again like we used to be I want
to see if I can put that back together
I've dealt me a big house I can take
care of them I want to make them happy
as long as they're here and that's what
I'm scared about
but this case is solid if he's guilty
I'll fail
you